welcome to the desertion in the
community showcase today feature in
quinton rampage jackson it was created
by what's the state as San teavana Adam
and it's available for download on xbox
360 so check out the link in the
description for screenshots download
details and a video or formula
to do
Tennessee brand hey Sam
as the bell rings remember that there's
no guarantee anyone will walk out of
this with their careers intact what a
sequence of punches it's an amazing
atmosphere in this arena tonight high
elbow to the face
oh the punch connects
look at this can the superstar
capitalize
look at this
wrists are now sir
kick to the midsection
he's got him oldest superstar connects
with a huge shot
what's this and now we gotta move Teddy
capital on he sees it
you can see the wear and tear that this
fight is take this is it that's it he's
done
these shoulders are down to three the
superstar win
here is your winner Randy a lot of
aggression there well that was just a
one-sided beatdown
you